which would be exciting matchups in the
finals I mean which would be you fine as
a parent who Selena kappa sub
Commissioner's Cup finals you would be
like wow mind blow you win a game with
nothing and a free throne and I've
overtime wait there's a foul my foul ooh
what is that man should make that a make
that a seven-game series I mean I think
right now they probably ready to burst
into the deep mm also respective of
cours mirabeau started out strong but I
think right now talking Texas for your
foods are the best I wouldn't be
surprised to see them in the finals and
that would be a great fight on salvia
but just just their history homies today
yeah the quality basketball is always
expected Lehigh well maybe cuz it
followed the sale of dudes out of Thamud
mesylate but I mean you just know that
you expect a great brand of never ends
out of controversy to be better a linear
any dance you know yeah 3.0 and then you
ready Pingris I thought that should have
gone today the clock started late but it
should have counted based on the replay
you know disappoints a weenie they need
me to spin this really hard I know it's
not likely but can you imagine I never
inner shine
my key that I've seen so far at their
stores they say miss havoc may never
sell my chances I will keep this aboard
whatever has to be Bilbo fourth or is
there any problem
oh good yeah yeah like I said it's it's
highly and lengthy but in the past my
darling it's slightly and like slightly
I mean there's always that chest that's
why didn't seem possible that's why I
did see no chance in hell they seem all
the time anyway in the past several
conferences it's always either like with
um Angela gay young Puritans or rain or
shine talk and text so what I mean it's
kind of forget the last last Philippine
Cup but you have no team they are legacy
long as a cassava but our radar shined
versus talking next find us a Samana
matchup for Russell Nagisa young super
they have the world a Facebook members
made Shatila against experienced its
matchup voice let me beat them to your
foots in the finals before only Rendon
but Sir she really shined as a pile of
this guy to see them about the but it's
gonna be safe there's a purefoods
against your who's the ranger shine more
than the match over here
sorry more so in this regard
I've heard right now within a coaching
as a solution for that so kind of see no
matter what already - I know right now
over say so WP you know maybe the label
I'm gonna select se ponen I mean this
batter it's good per diem they say he's
gonna be labeled like that and Marana
shaman eating fans for that I mean I
mean attend some of the hate him but
good why do you want to see bow in the
finals yeah I want to see greater shine
in both burger in the finals so you know
your index where the authority and that
is literally lose you but we see any
other team possibly making the finest
apart from those like maybe a pinnacle
and it makes my chances are this we
might know why yeah yeah I don't think
they have an integer
yeah they can make a serious run whether
you like part-time gets a streak of 30
plus 40 plus points yeah they could be
good that team is complete
that's why we're giving them like a you
know like a dark horse Meralco you're
concerned a bit to see the Bob Morocco
for a time
they're always there in the top among
the top teams but your major concern
that's why they lost against Alaska of
course Alaska's a desperate team they
needed to win but seem deliberate or do
you want to be top two and they lost
without the import ban Alaska and then
follow it back so it's tough break for
them of course they lost to San Miguel
Beer in Boulder I'm stuck with you know
simply - like in Portland now what
looked like a pretty much the top two
seats my shirt off to see freedom is
gonna be top and that's why most of you
mentioned your foods because these are
teams that seemed a bit really a
momentum and they look like teams that
can win it all we would start making it
healthy to the james peih-gee brother
you know again talking text they look
really good now for the first time in
now there you don't okay I guess yeah I
agree with the choices in the knows you
if if bread rent signs up with key and
now power tap my hands are on fire you
know so it's all up to you
solitary you may have finals matchups in
mind
how can they get attached you can also
make Unitarian I'm starting an online
master vessel Rembrandt okay yes
national grand meant to be a please send
all your tweets to offer underscore B
also have no a basket on Twitter
Instagram and Facebook keep the dream
alive